README.md, before:

# [Grav](http://getgrav.org/) Image Captions Plugin

Wraps images in `<figure>` and captions in `<figcaption>` based on the `title`-attribute of the `img`-element. From this Markdown:

	![Street view](street.jpg "Street view from the east")

Which outputs this HTML:

	<p><img title="Street view from the east" alt="Street view" src="street.jpg"></p>

To this:

	<figure><img title="Street view from the east" alt="Street view" src="street.jpg"><figcaption>Street view from the east</figcaption></figure>

**Note:** The plugin unwraps images from paragraphs, ie. removes enclosing `<p>`-elements from `<img>`-elements, as `<figure>`-elements are invalid HTML within paragraphs.

# Installation and Configuration

1. Download the zip version of [this repository](https://github.com/OleVik/grav-plugin-imgcaptions) and unzip it under `/your/site/grav/user/plugins`.
2. Rename the folder to `imgcaptions`.

You should now have all the plugin files under

    /your/site/grav/user/plugins/imgcaptions

The plugin is enabled by default, and can be disabled by copying `user/plugins/imgcaptions/imgcaptions.yaml` into `user/config/plugins/imgcaptions.yaml` and setting `enabled: false`.

MIT License 2016 by [Ole Vik](http://github.com/olevik).

Commit message:

V2 refactor
Renamed to 'ImgCaptions'. Added template-rendering, Markdown-mode, Event override, unit tests.

README.md, after:

# [Grav](http://getgrav.org/) Image Captions Plugin

Wraps images in `<figure>` and captions in `<figcaption>` based on the `title`-attribute of the `img`-element. From this Markdown:

	![Street view](street.jpg "Street view from the east")

Which outputs this HTML:

	<p><img title="Street view from the east" alt="Street view" src="street.jpg"></p>

To this:

	<figure><img title="Street view from the east" alt="Street view" src="street.jpg"><figcaption>Street view from the east</figcaption></figure>

**Note:** The plugin unwraps images from paragraphs, ie. removes enclosing `<p>`-elements from `<img>`-elements, as `<figure>`-elements are invalid HTML within paragraphs.

# Installation and Configuration

1. Download the zip version of [this repository](https://github.com/OleVik/grav-plugin-imgcaptions) and unzip it under `/your/site/grav/user/plugins`.
2. Rename the folder to `imgcaptions`.

You should now have all the plugin files under

    /your/site/grav/user/plugins/imgcaptions

The plugin is enabled by default, and can be disabled by copying `user/plugins/imgcaptions/imgcaptions.yaml` into `user/config/plugins/imgcaptions.yaml` and setting `enabled: false`.

# Running tests

Run `composer update` to install the testing dependencies. Then run `composer test` in the root folder. Finally, run `composer update --no-dev` to uninstall the testing dependencies.

MIT License 2017 by [Ole Vik](http://github.com/olevik).
